Logs download (#683)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/logging/log-downloads.adoc

label:AuraDB-Professional[]
label:AuraDB-Virtual-Dedicated-Cloud[]

Downloading logs requires a project role of either _{role-project-admin}_ or _{role-project-member}_.

You can download logs from the *Query log* and the *Security log*.
The logs include any filters or search terms applied when the logs were fetched.
Downloading logs consists of two steps: **initiate the download** and **download the file**.

> == Initiate logs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Initiate download
```
Alternatively, you could maybe say "Request log"

> Each request is up to {max-request-hours} hours of data and a maximum of {max-download-rows} rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can request a log for up to {max-request-hours} hours of data and a maximum of {max-download-rows} rows.
```

> After fetching logs, use the *Initiate logs download* button (arrow down tray icon) in the top right corner of the *Summary* and *Details* table. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After fetching logs, use the *Initiate logs download* button in the top right corner of the *Summary* and *Details* table. 
```

* Select the *log type*: Summary (aggregated log statistics), Details (individual log events), or both. 

> * Choose a format: JSON or CSV. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select a format: JSON or CSV. 
```

> If you choose CSV, you can optionally include CSV headers (enabled by default) and specify a field delimiter (default: comma).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select CSV, you can optionally include CSV headers (enabled by default) and specify a field delimiter (default: comma).
```

* Select *Confirm* to request the logs.

> When the requested log is ready, it appears in the *Downloads archive.*

Reviewer: This is a bit weird since the log isn't actually downloaded at this point. But that's a UI problem.

> == Download log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Download log
```

Download logs from the *Downloads archive*.

> When the status is Ready, select the Download icon to download the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the status is Ready, use the Download icon to download the file.
```

> Logs are provided as a zipped file in your chosen format (JSON or CSV), containing the same fields shown in the Field Name columns of the Summary and Details tables above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs are provided as a zipped file of your selected format (JSON or CSV).
```

The file name follows this pattern: `<db_id>-<timestamp>-<log_type>-logs-<log_sub_type>.<format>.gz`, for example: `dd9ba752-1731586207476-query-logs-details.json.gz`

To delete a log file, select the delete icon in the Actions column.

[NOTE]
====
Log files are automatically deleted from the downloads archive after {log-download-retention-days} days.
====

== Downloads archive

> To access the archive click the *Open downloads archive* icon (Document Text icon) in the top-right corner of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the archive click the *Open downloads archive* icon in the top-right corner of the page.
```
Instead of trying to describe it, maybe we should have s screenshot?
